[Music]
hey there
don't fall for these seven new tricks
car thieves are using here are some
depressing statistics about 1 million
cars are stolen in the u.s. each year
the biggest targets are Toyota Honda and
General Motors vehicles according to the
thieves themselves this is because these
cars are a little easier to steal and
their spare parts are in high demand
well I don't know about you but I'd like
to keep Grand Theft Auto in the video
game realm so let's see what tricks car
thieves are trying to pull these days
and most importantly how to protect our
cars from theft as soon as there's some
public gathering a big party or even a
busy day at the mall these criminals
have an announcement made over the PA
system that a particular car chosen by
them of course has blocked their vehicle
in and they can't leave as soon as the
owner comes out to move his car a group
of guys often armed are ready to jump in
they assume and for good reason
that the person is carrying the key to
his car so they make the victim get in
the car with them this is pretty easy if
it's a gunpoint as for the outcome this
can have that often depends who so to
prevent such a situation from happening
to you don't immediately rush out to
your car and certainly don't go alone
don't go directly to your car check from
a distance if your car really is
blocking another one if you've confirmed
that you're really preventing another
car from driving away check if there's a
driver in the car you've blocked and
please be very cautious when coming up
to your vehicle watch your surroundings
number two we live in a world of
constant technological development
that's why it's no surprise that new
generation car thieves are using gadgets
to steal vehicles criminals are hacking
into the latest keyless systems to enter
the newest models several thieves hold
special radio transmitters near the
doors windows or walls of the car owners
house these transmitters intensify the
sig
coming from key fobs which are obviously
kept inside but often close to the front
door the thief's transmitter mimics the
car key and pings the car's locking
system the locking system automatically
responds and sends a signal to the key
and the key is supposed to pick up this
signal and respond to it the transmitter
of the first thief directs the locking
system signal to the transmitter of
another criminal standing close to the
house and this second transmitter in
turn forwards the signal to the key fob
the key fob sends back the right
response which the transmitter amplifies
and sense to the first transmitter is
then passed on to the car's locking
system after all this complicated signal
painting the door is opened and the
ignition is started and you can
basically kiss your car goodbye now how
to protect your car from this not the
kissing but the theft if you have a car
with keyless entry look into getting a
special radio signal deactivation option
it can prevent this abuse of the key
signalization don't be hesitant about
special devices that can protect your
car like a kill switch for example this
is a device that stops power to the
engine making it impossible to start the
car
until you disable it the only problem
with kill switches is that it's not easy
to install one yourself so if you don't
have the best wiring skills you probably
need to see a mechanic even if these
guys do break into your car you can
outsmart them by having a removable
steering wheel sure car thieves are good
drivers but even they can't control a
car without a steering wheel yeah you
might look a little weird walking into
the business meeting or a date with a
removable steering wheel in your hand
but there's no shame in it you're just
protecting your baby now number three
here's the latest car theft scam that
would give computer geniuses a run for
their money
criminals copy and reproduce your car's
VIN to organize a huge fraud scheme the
VIN is literally your car's ID number so
by copying it thieves create a sort of
clone of your car
how do they do it there are two ways
first the VIN is unique for every car so
thieves copy the VIN from cars and
parking lots junkyards car dealerships
or even from the internet after that
they prepare all the necessary documents
and fake plates then they find a similar
car and steal it
once they replace that cars original VIN
with the one they copied they're good to
go
the car won't be considered stolen with
its new identity and here's the second
way criminals can use this vehicle
identity scam one thug rents a car then
they spot another car identical to the
one they've rented and copy its ven the
rented car gets this new VIN after that
the criminals offer the car for sale on
the internet or through a newspaper
presenting it as the car whose VIN
they've stolen an unsuspecting client
buys the car some days later the
criminals steal the car back to return
its real VIN and take it back to the
rental at the same time the cars whose
VIN has been borrowed is reported stolen
its real owner gets arrested and can be
sentenced to five to ten years in prison
for a crime they haven't committed whoo
and I'm just over here wondering where
the heck these bozos get all this time
on their hands all right what can you do
to prevent this easy keep the VIN on
your car covered up and don't reveal
this information unless you absolutely
need to number four another way car
thieves get close to your vehicle is by
posing as for example mechanics they
start working in a garage a dealership
or at a car wash as soon as they notice
the model they've been after their work
is done they have the key they don't
even need to break in what else can a
car thief dream of the only thing you
can do here to prevent this from
happening to you is to surface your car
in trusted places don't go back alley
just to save a buck
number five if you live in an apartment
building you really need to pay
attention to this next scheme thieves
set the alarm off in your car in the
dead of night you as a polite and
conscientious neighbor feel
uncomfortable disturbing and waking up
others so you disable your alarm and
that's exactly what the thieves want now
nothing is stopping them from picking
the locks starting the ignition and
driving away with your precious car not
to get caught in this trap again
removable steering wheels and kill
switches are a nice choice or just
pretend to be deaf and ignore the
screams of your alarm
sorry neighbors I kind of like the James
Bond ejection seat option myself oops
there it is
number six now we've seen some pretty
intricate convoluted and let's just
admit it pretty ingenious scheme so far
well this next one is probably the
simplest yet most dangerous so listen
carefully some thieves will hang out
around grocery stores in major
supermarkets and stalk their prey so to
say they'll wait for a lone shopper to
walk to their car with all their grocery
bags sneak up on them and either demand
the keys and drive off or abduct the car
owner and who knows what else after that
there are some effective steps you can
take to prevent this avoid going to the
grocery late in the evening or at night
this scheme is almost only used when
it's dark out try not to go to the
grocery store alone these guys target
the most vulnerable victims do not park
your car far away from the stores
entrance if there are no spots closer to
the doors keep circling the lot until
one opens up your safety is more
important than your time number 7 and
finally there have recently been some
heated discussions on the internet about
this new trick being used by car thieves
and that's the trick with a coin they
slip it into the space between the door
and the door handle when a car owner
thinks that they've locked the door with
a remote the vehicle is in fact still
open the coin prevents the lock on one
of the doors from working
soon as the owner walks away from the
car the thief has no problems at all
opening the door and driving away I
can't say I've ever tried this one I'm
not that big of a bozo
now do you think it really works comment
down below I'd love to know if this
trick is real so have you heard about
other scams car thieves are using
nowadays tell us in the comments spread
this knowledge by sharing this video
with all of your friends even if they
don't have a car they probably have
family members who do if you found this
video useful hit that like button
subscribe if you haven't already life is
better on the bright side
you